“Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.” “Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it.” 

“We are, as a species, addicted to story. Even when the body goes to sleep, the mind stays up all night, telling itself stories.” ― Jonathan Gottschall, The Storytelling Animal: How Stories Make Us Human 

“Bear the pain of detachment and you will find inner peace.” ― Rumi

“Real giving is when we give to our spouses what’s important to them, whether we understand it, like it, agree with it, or not.” ― Michele Weiner-Davis

“The desire of the man is for the woman, but the desire of the woman is for the desire of the man.” ― Madame de Stael

“Don't let perfection become procrastination. Do it now.” ― Danielle LaPorte

“We cannot teach people anything. We can only help them discover it within themselves.” ― Galileo Galilei

“Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone.” ― Alan Watts

“Our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children's future. And we are all mortal.” ― John F. Kennedy

“If you only walk on sunny days you’ll never reach your destination.” ― Paulo Coelho

“Every joke is a tiny revolution.” ― George Orwell 

“The wisest mind has something yet to learn.” ― George Santayana

“It is not necessary for a man to be actively bad in order to make a failure in life; simple inaction will accomplish it. Nature has everywhere written her protest against idleness; everything which ceases to struggle, which remains inactive, rapidly deteriorates. It is the struggle toward an ideal, the constant effort to get higher and further, which develops manhood and character.” ― James Terry White

“It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.” ― Mark Twain

“In the end, always laugh. And do not lose this strange habit of having faith in life.” ― Daniel C. L.

“Nothing gives the fearful more courage than another’s fear.”

“The bad guys have to get lucky all the time, the good guys only once.”

“Overcoming poverty is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice. Like Slavery and Apartheid, poverty is not natural. It is man-made and it can be overcome and eradicated by the actions of human beings. Sometimes it falls on a generation to be great. YOU can be that great generation. Let your greatness blossom.” ― Nelson Mandela

“We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses.” ― Abraham Lincoln

“You can not change what you refuse to confront”

“Unlimited power in the hands of limited people always leads to cruelty.” ― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“Travel far enough, you meet yourself.” ― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“Books don’t offer real escape, but they can stop a mind scratching itself raw.” ― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“A half-read book is a half-finished love affair.” ― David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

“I’m bad, and that’s good. I will never be good, and that’s not bad. There’s no one I’d rather be than me.” ― Wreck-It Ralph

“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” ― Maya Angelou

“I don’t want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.” ― Oscar Wilde

“Don’t shoot what it looks like. Shoot what it feels like.” ― David Alan Harvey

“log pooree tarha se tab akele hojate hai jab apna hee saath chooth jaata hai” ― Fashion Movie

“The greatest genius is in seeing through the illusion.” ― Now You See Me

“Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.” ― Will Durant

“Always be a poet, even in prose.” ― Charles Baudelaire

“Once a year, go someplace you’ve never been before.” ― Dalai Lama

“Calmness is the cradle of power.” ― Josiah Gilbert Holland

“Be wise, appear otherwise.”

“I think we forget things if we have no one to tell them to.” ― The Lunchbox

“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” ― Thomas A. Edison

“We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.” ― John F. Kennedy

“We must be our own before we can be another’s.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“The most potent muse of all is our own inner child” ― Stephen Nachmanovitch

“The most sophisticated people I know― inside they are all children. ” ― Jim Henson

“A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work.” ― John Lubbock 

“Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.” ― Saint Francis de Sales

“I keep my circle small.”

“When you train your eyes to see the magic and the miracles in little things, you open the door for your whole life to shift.”

“A friend is what the heart needs all the time.” ― Henry Van Dyke

“The work of art is to dominate the spectator. The spectator is not to dominate the work of art.” ― Oscar Wilde

“Remember tonight… for it’s the beginning of forever.” ― Dante

“The two enemies Of human happiness are pain & boredom.” ― Confucius

“I learned to give not because I have much...But because I know exactly how it feels to have nothing.” ― (Unknown)

“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” Aristotle

“Over time, the hurt doesn’t hurt. Only regret does.” ― Terri Guillemets

“If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.” ― Mo Willems

“Don’t find fault, find a remedy.” ― Henry Ford

“Everybody is clever nowadays. You can’t go anywhere without meeting clever people. This has become an absolute public nuisance.” ― Oscar Wilde

“Man is better tested with success.” ― Rumi

“My favorite things in life don’t cost any money. It’s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.” ― Steve Jobs

“Artists use lies to tell the truth.” ― V for Vendetta

“By things so achingly small are lives measured and marred.” ― Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana

“Conversation in its true meaning isn’t all wagging the tongue; sometimes it is a deeply shared silence.” ― Robertson Davies, The Rebel Angels

“…the face has limited space. My mother used to say, if you fill your face with laughing, there will be no more room for crying.” ― Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance

“Other people are not here to fulfill our needs or meet our expectations, nor will they always treat us well. Failure to accept this will generate feelings of anger and resentment. Peace of mind comes with taking people as they are and emphasizing the positive.” ― A.S.A. Harrison, The Silent Wife

“We all fight on two fronts, the one facing the enemy, the one facing what we do to the enemy.” ― Joseph Boyden, Three Day Road

“I wonder if fears ever really go away, or if they just lose their power over us. ― Veronica Roth, Allegiant

“There are no two words in the English language more harmful than ‘good job’.” ― Whiplash (2014)

“Sometimes it is the people no one imagines anything of who do the things no one can imagine” ― The Imitation Game

Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light. ― Dylan Thomas

“For you, a thousand times over” ― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

“We can have a decent society only when individuals, you and I, are not seeking power in any direction, whether through wealth, through relationship, or through an idea. It is the search for power that is the cause of this disaster, this disintegration of society. ― Jiddu Krishnamurthy

“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” ― Confucius

“I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it is for or against. I'm a human being, first and foremost, and as such I'm for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole.”  ― Malcolm X

“Women are made to be loved, not understood.” ― Oscar Wilde

“See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories. Ask for no guarantees, ask for no security.” ― Ray Bradbury

“Being plain forced me to get a personality.”

“Sometimes the greatest conversations we had were never actually said”

“The greatest man I never knew, came home late every night. He never had too much to say, too much was on his mind. Oh he was good at business, but there was business left to do. He never said he loved me, guess he thought I knew...” ― Reba McIntyre

“Imagination is its own form of courage.” ― Frank Underwood (House of Cards)

“Always try to keep a patch of sky above your life.” ― Marcel Proust

“Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. The hands can't hit what the eyes can't see.” ― Muhammad Ali

“Until a man is nothing, God can make nothing out of him.” ― Martin Luther King

“Popularity is the slutty little cousin of prestige, my friend.”

“Stay human and humanity will stay.”

“We know very little, and yet it is astonishing that we know so much, and still more astonishing that so little knowledge can give us so much power.”  ― Bertrand Russell

“The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.” ― Elisabeth Kubler-Ross

“Love is more than a feeling or an emotion, it is a choice. It's a decision you make every day of your life.”

“We shall not cease from exploration | And the end of all our exploring | Will be to arrive where we started | And know the place for the first time.” ― T.S. Eliot

“Between what is said and not meant, and what is meant and not said, most of love is lost.” ― Khalil Gibran

“I'll be eighty-seven; you'll be eighty-nine. I'll still look at you like the stars that shine in the sky.” ― TS

“Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.” ― Douglas Adams

“At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.” ― Plato

“We are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love.” — Dr. Seuss

Love is a dispositional state of one person toward another that evolved due to selection pressures favouring parents' staying together to tend to their children for many years. Love engages 3 relatively distinct dispositional systems: passionate love, motivating the lovers to have sex, romantic love, motivating them to strongly commit themselves to their partner, and companionate love, helping them tolerate their partner over the years. ― (9GAG Comment)

“The first thing I will do when you will be mine, is kissing your forehead and apologizing to you for every night you slept, wishing me by your side.”

All learning is in vain except to know Him, and to serve Him.

It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful. ― David Steindl-Rast

If you don't step forward, you step back.

Ishq ne Ghalib nikamma bana diya | Varna hum bhi admi the kaam ke ― Mirza Ghalib

To be a person is to have a story to tell. ― Isak Dinesen

I really don't see anything romantic in proposing. It is very romantic to be in love. But there is nothing romantic about a definite proposal. Why, one may be accepted. One usually is, I believe. Then the excitement is all over. The very essence of romance is uncertainty. If ever I get married, I'll certainly try to forget the fact. ― Oscar Wilde

"Love is trembling happiness." ― Khalil Gibran

“Every single person has at least one secret that would break your heart. If we could just remember this, I think there would be a lot more compassion and tolerance in the world.” ― Frank Warren

"A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business." ― Henry Ford

'Kasb-e-Kamal Kun Ke Aziz-e-Jahan Shavi'. (Achieve excellence in your field to win the world) ― Persian proverb

“The world has become so serious that humor is a risky profession.” ― Bernardo Erlich

The best part of my life is who I share it with. ― Unknown

If you are thankful, I will increase My blessings upon you. ― Quran :14:7

“Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.” ― Roald Dahl

“I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.” ― Mahatma Gandhi

It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done. ― Vincent van Gogh

They hate us coz they ain't us

One day you will ask me which is more important? My life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life. ― Kahlil Gibran

Mujhko sab jaantay hai per mera nahi koi | Mai bhi is desh mai urdu ki tarah rahta hoon

“Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered you will never grow.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson

Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess. ― Edna Woolman Chase

Find what you love and let it kill you. ― Charles Bukowski

It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance. ― Shania Twain

"In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock." ― Thomas Jefferson

“If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.” ― Anthony J. D'Angelo

Language was invented for one reason, boys― to woo women― and, in that endeavor, laziness will not do. ― N.H. Kleinbaum

Don't wait. The time will never be just right. ― Napoleon Hill

Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. ― Betty Bender

"You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit.” ― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

"When their bodies came together again, he realized that far from being an act of madness, falling in love with her was possibly the most reasonable thing he had ever done." ― The Map of Time by Felix Palma

"I know nothing in the world that has as much power as a word. Sometimes I write one, and I look at it, until it begins to shine" ― Emily Dickinson

"We accept the love we think we deserve" ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

"Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing" ― Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird

"Many people have died for their beliefs...The real courage is living and suffering for what you believe." ― Christopher Paolini, Eragon

“I can’t tell you just how wonderful she is. I don’t want you to know. I don’t want any one to know.” ― F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise

Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends. ― J. R. R. Tolkien

"I would always rather be happy than dignified." ― Charlotte Brontë , Jane Eyre

"Tomorrow is always fresh, with no mistakes in it yet." ― L. M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables

“Anyone who stops learning is old.” ― Henry Ford

“In spite of everything, I still believe people are really good at heart.” ― Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank

“It might be that to surrender to happiness was to accept defeat, but it was a defeat better than many victories.” ― W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage

“There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.” ― William Shakespeare, Hamlet

“She wasn’t doing a thing that I could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together.” ― J. D. Salinger, “A Girl I Knew”

You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. ― Albert Einstein

Blaise Pascal wrote, “I would have written you a shorter letter, but I did not have the time.”

Familiarity breeds contempt.

One finds limits by pushing them. ― Herbert Sino

Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ― Wil noliam James

Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ― Winston Churchill

If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried. ― Steven Wright

Do one thing every day that scares you. ― Eleanor Roosevelt

First you get the money then you get the power then you get the woman. ― Tony Montana

Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion ― Parkinson's Law

A Man should act like a Child with his Wife, happy and easy going but when he sits with men he should act as they do. ― Umar (R.A)

I love the way you look at the world. ― Her (2013)

"Who cares about common? Common is boring. It's ... common. I like being with you. You make me better. Hopefully, I make you better. What we have is uncommon. And I've never been happier." ― Lisa Cuddy

“The first step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching others.” ― Solomon Ibn Gabirol

“What I write this not for the many, but for you; each of us is enough of an audience for the other.” ― Epicurus

"Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." ― George Bernard Shaw

"My way of joking is to tell the truth. It's the funniest joke in the world." ― George Bernard Shaw

"The unconscious self is the real genius. Your breathing goes wrong the moment your conscious self meddles with it." ― George Bernard Shaw

"[The] power of accurate observation ... is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it." ― George Bernard Shaw

“Never attempt to win by force what can be won by deception.” ― Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince

“Insanity in individuals is something rare, but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.” ― Nietzsche

“Our knowledge has made us cynical; our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness.” ― Charlie Chaplin

A mother understands what a child does not say. ― Jewish proverb

'Elegance is a discipline of life' ― Oscar de la renta

As you start to walk out on the way, the way appears― Rumi

"My soul is from elsewhere | I'm sure of that. | And I intend to end up there." ― Rumi

The soul has been given its own ears to hear things mind does not understand. ―  Rumi

“Excelsior. It means : I’m gonna take all this negativity and use it as a fuel and I’m gonna find a silver lining.”

Whatever purifies you is the right path, I will not try to define it. ― Rumi

I see my beauty in you. ― Rumi

"Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment | Cleverness is mere opinion, bewilderment intuition | Never lose hope, my dear heart | Miracles dwell in the invisible” ― Rumi

People who have less always give more.

“Do you think the universe fights for souls to be together? Some things are too strange and strong to be coincidences.” ― Emery Allen

“You could say that I was too lazy to calculate, and so I invented the computer.” ― Konrad Zuse (Inventor of the World's First Programmable Computer)

"Pain is weakness leaving the body" ― The US Marine

If your spouse is angry you should be calm. When one is fire, the other should be water.  ―  Umar Ibn Al Khattab

“Death is teacher enough, true faith is wealth enough, and worship is action enough.” ― Omar ibn al Khattab

“Hate the sin, love the sinner.” ― Mahatma Gandhi

“Who better than a bunch of celibate male octogenarians to tell the world how to have sex?― Robert Langdon” ― Dan Brown

"It's the things we love most that destroy us." ― The Hunger Games

Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. ― Henry Ford

“We adore chaos because we love to produce order.” ― M.C. Escher

A strong man wins a fight, a great man ends one.

“India is not, as people keep calling it, an underdeveloped country, but rather, in the context of its history and cultural heritage, a highly developed one in an advanced state of decay.” ― Shashi Tharoor

The greatest tragedy in mankind's entire history may be the hijacking of morality by religion. ― Arthur C. Clarke

The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible― and achieve it, generation after generation. ― Pearl S. Buck

“The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.” ― William Arthur Ward

“If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.” ― Haruki Murakami

“The crying baby gets the milk” ― Tamil proverb

That all is fleeting | Yeah, but all is good ― Noah and The Whale

I love the idea of loving.

"I Love Us" ― 500 Days of Summer

One finds limits by pushing them

“We are all ordinary. We are all boring. We are all spectacular. We are all shy. We are all bold. We are all heroes. We are all helpless. It just depends on the day.” ― Brad Meltzer

"If you speak gently, you'll find good people wherever you go. If you find a bad person, just move on to the next person." ― Humans of New York

"And when you have reached the mountain top, then you shall begin to climb." ― Kahlil Gibran

"Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at something worth doing. " ― Theodore Roosevelt

"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." ― George Burns

"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." ― Tony Robins

"It is always the simple that produces the marvelous." ― Amelia Barr

"If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner." ― Tallulah Bankhead

"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." ― Tony Robins

"The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life." ― William Morris

"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of." ― Bruce Lee

"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." ― George Bernard Shaw

"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." ― Albert Einstein

"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." ― Thomas A. Edison

Exposure leads to tolerance, and tolerance to peace. What this world needs is greater understanding.

“It all comes down to the last person you think of at night. That’s where your heart is.”

"A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions." ― Confucius

Aye chaand, tu kis mazhab ka hay? Eid bhi teri aur Karvachauth bhi tera!

“Hate, it has caused a lot of problems in the world, but has not solved one yet.” ― Maya Angelou

“A happy family is but an earlier heaven.” ― George Bernard Shaw

“The only way to have a friend is to be one.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“Of all the liars in the world, sometimes the worst are our own fears.” ― Rudyard Kipling

“We are made strong by the difficulties we face not by those we evade.” ― Anonymous

“Curiousity is insubordination in it's purest form.” ― Vladimir Nabakov

“No one can take that away from me. How it feels like to have someone. Someone of your own.” ― Game of Thrones

“Rudeness is merely the expression of fear. People fear they won't get what they want. The most dreadful and unattractive person in the world only needs to be loved, and they will open up like a flower.” ― The Grand Budapest Hotel

“Men employ speech only to conceal their thoughts.” ― Voltaire

“Sometimes severity is the price we pay for greatness.” ― Margery (Game of Thrones)

“Promise Yourself
To be so strong that nothing
can disturb your peace of mind.
To talk health, happiness, and prosperity
to every person you meet.
To make all your friends feel
that there is something in them
To look at the sunny side of everything
and make your optimism come true.
To think only the best, to work only for the best,
and to expect only the best.
To be just as enthusiastic about the success of others
as you are about your own.
To forget the mistakes of the past
and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
To wear a cheerful countenance at all times
and give every living creature you meet a smile.
To give so much time to the improvement of yourself
that you have no time to criticize others.
To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,
and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.
To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,
not in loud words but great deeds.
To live in faith that the whole world is on your side
so long as you are true to the best that is in you.” ― Christian D. Larson, Your Forces and How to Use Them

"Get rid of the judgment, get rid of the 'I am hurt,' you are rid of the hurt itself." ― Marcus Aurelius

"Virtue is nothing else than right reason." ― Seneca the Younger

"Freedom is secured not by the fulfilling of men's desires, but by the removal of desire." ― Epictetus

“A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.” ― Baltasar Gracián

“The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis” ― Dante Alighieri

“The world is what it is; men who are nothing, who allow themselves to become nothing, have no place in it.” ― V.S. Naipaul, A Bend in the River

“Nothing is more creative... nor destructive... than a brilliant mind with a purpose.” ― Dan Brown, Inferno

“When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, when the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When my womb quickens again, and I bear a living child. Then you will return, my sun-and-stars, and not before." -Daenerys Targaryen” ― George R.R. Martin

"Anyone who can't laugh at himself is not taking life seriously enough." ― Larry Wall

"And in the end, we were all just humans drunk on the idea that love, only love, could heal our brokenness." ― F. Scott Fitzgerald

"The truth is not for all men but only for those who seek it." ― Ayn Rand

"A leader is a person you will follow to a place you wouldn't go by yourself." ― Joel A Barker

Being indecisive will get you nowhere in life. It will keep you shackled to the pavement as you refuse to take the next step. Do yourself a favor and start making choices, because consequences and regrets are better than nothing at all.― See more at: http://www.spiritscienceandmetaphysics.com/22-unnecessary-attachments-carefree-people-dont-have/#sthash.KlFRdd2V.dpuf

“Forget safety.
Live where you fear to live.
Destroy your reputation.
Be notorious.” ― Rumi

“Be empty of worrying.
Think of who created thought!
Why do you stay in prison
When the door is so wide open?”

“Be melting snow.
Wash yourself of yourself.” ― Rumi

Pity the nation that is full of beliefs and empty of religion.
Pity the nation that wears a cloth it does not weave
and eats a bread it does not harvest.
Pity the nation that acclaims the bully as hero,
and that deems the glittering conqueror bountiful.
Pity the nation that despises a passion in its dream,
yet submits in its awakening.
Pity the nation that raises not its voice
save when it walks in a funeral,
boasts not except among its ruins,
and will rebel not save when its neck is laid
between the sword and the block.
Pity the nation whose statesman is a fox,
whose philosopher is a juggler,
and whose art is the art of patching and mimicking
Pity the nation that welcomes its new ruler with trumpeting,
and farewells him with hooting,
only to welcome another with trumpeting again.
Pity the nation whose sages are dumb with years
and whose strongmen are yet in the cradle.
Pity the nation divided into fragments,
each fragment deeming itself a nation.
 ― Khalil Gibran, The Garden of The Prophet

“Silence is the language of God,
All else is poor translation.” ― Rumi

“In the dark times
Will there also be singing?
Yes, there will also be singing.
About the dark times.” ― Bertolt Brecht

“The only thing worth writing about is the human heart in conflict with itself” ― William Faulkner

Saruman believes it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. I've found it is the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the darkness at bay... small acts of kindness, and love. ― Gandalf

“First they came for the communists, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a communist;
Then they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a socialist;
Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a trade unionist;
Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—
because I was not a Jew;
Then they came for me—
and there was no one left to speak out for me.” ― Martin Niemöller

"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." ― Karim Seddiki

"You need good friends for success in life, but you need better enemies for extraordinary success in life" ― Chanakya

"Political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable" ― George Orwell

“The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.” ― George Bernard Shaw

Better to be slapped with the truth than kissed with a lie. ― Russian Proverb

Every bullet fired finds its target— a mother's heart. ― Russian proverb

Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. ― Albert Camus

“There is nothing that wastes the body like worry, and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever” ― Mahatma Gandhi

Only God knows how much I loved you'. — Love in the Time of Cholera

But if they had learned anything together, it was that wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good. — Love in the Time of Cholera

Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost. ― John Quincy Adams

"If you do not have boundaries, you do not have a path" ― Tariq Ramadan

“Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.” ― Helen Keller

"Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives." ― Abba Eban

"Never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you." ― Chanakya

Do not love half lovers
Do not entertain half friends
Do not indulge in works of the half talented
Do not live half a life
and do not die a half death
If you choose silence, then be silent
When you speak, do so until you are finished
Do not silence yourself to say something
And do not speak to be silent
If you accept, then express it bluntly
Do not mask it
If you refuse then be clear about it
for an ambiguous refusal is but a weak acceptance
Do not accept half a solution
Do not believe half truths
Do not dream half a dream
Do not fantasize about half hopes
Half a drink will not quench your thirst
Half a meal will not satiate your hunger
Half the way will get you no where
Half an idea will bear you no results
Your other half is not the one you love
It is you in another time yet in the same space
It is you when you are not
Half a life is a life you didn't live,
A word you have not said
A smile you postponed
A love you have not had
A friendship you did not know
To reach and not arrive
Work and not work
Attend only to be absent
What makes you a stranger to them closest to you
and they strangers to you
The half is a mere moment of inability
but you are able for you are not half a being
You are a whole that exists to live a life
not half a life
 ― Khalil Gibran

The art of knowing is knowing what to ignore. ― Rumi

Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic. ― Oscar Wilde

"The words we use for the Creator are a reflect of ourselves. If we think of God as fear and shame, we are scared and have something to be ashamed of…But if we see love, compassion and kindness, it is because we possess these qualities." ― Shams Tabrizi

Evil draws men together. ― Aristotle

I choose to love you in silence
for in my silence I find no rejection.
I choose to love you in my loneliness
for in my loneliness no one owns you but I.
I choose to adore you from a distance
for distance shields us both from pain.
I chose to imprison you in my thoughts
cause in my thoughts, freedom is for me to decide
I choose to kiss you on the wind
for the wind is gentler than my lips.
I choose to hold you only in my dreams
for in my dreams there is no end... ― (Unknown)

Better to regret something you did, than something you didn't do.

There are no perfect men in the world, only perfect intentions. ― Robin Hood

“For the love of a rose, the gardener becomes the slave of a thousand thorns.”
(Turkish Proverb)

“Doctors are men who prescribe medicines of which they know little, to cure diseases of which they know less, in human beings of whom they know nothing.” ― Voltaire

He who knows not and knows not that he knows not, He is a fool — shun him
He who knows not and knows he knows not, He is simple — teach him;
He who knows and knows not he knows, He is asleep — wake him;
He who knows and knows he knows, He is wise; follow him. ― Arabian Proverb

“Only the dead have seen the end of war.” ― Plato

A successful man is one who more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who finds such a man. ― Lana Turner

May you live all the days of your life. ― Jonathan Swift

"A decision is tough only until it is taken."

“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” ― Rumi

"If you were half as funny as you think you are, you'd be twice as funny as you are now." ― Cassandra Clare

"You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts." ― Kahlil Gibran

If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were. ― Kahlil Gibran

Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,
That we may record our emptiness. ― Kahlil Gibran

Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. ― Kahlil Gibran

Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution. ― Kahlil Gibran

I am ignorant of absolute truth. But I am humble before my ignorance and therein lies my honor and my reward. ― Kahlil Gibran

Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy. ― Kahlil Gibran

We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. ― Kahlil Gibran

The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention. ― Kahlil Gibran

It is wrong to think that love comes from long companionship and persevering courtship. Love is the offspring of spiritual affinity and unless that affinity is created in a moment, it will not be created for years or even generations. ― Kahlil Gibran

”If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are.” ― John W. Gardner

Saints’ I see
The world is mad
If I tell the truth
They rush to beat me
If I lie they trust me
Hindus claim Ram as one
Muslims claim Rahim
Then they kill each other
Knowing not the essence
With prayer beads and caps
And brows of holy paint
They lose themselves
In scared hymns but
Know not their own souls
Many holy men I’ve seen
Teachers of holy books
Who acquire disciples
Venerate graves
But know not God
The world goes on
Like this and yet
They call me mad
But, Kabir says listen
Who’s the one insane? ― Kabir

The worst kind of loneliness, the one that attacks you while you’re between your family and friends..

“Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.” ― Bruce Lee

"If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all."
Noam Chomsky

'When you got God, you got a friend, and that friend is you.' ― Charlie Laughton

“The person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.” ― Anonymous

”I don’t know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.” ― Bilbo Baggins

"Patriotism is not hosting the tricolor flag on 15th of August, but picking up the used ones from ground on the morning of 16th."

Make the Ordinary Come Alive...
By William Martin
Do not ask your children
to strive for extraordinary lives.
Such striving may seem admirable,
but it is a way of foolishness.
Help them instead to find the wonder
and the marvel of an ordinary life.
Show them the joy of tasting
tomatoes, apples, and pears.
Show them how to cry
when pets and people die.
Show them the infinite pleasure
in the touch of a hand.
And make the ordinary come alive for them.
The extraordinary will take care of itself.

“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser— like focus.” ― Bruce Lee

"Your mind is like this water, my friend. When it is agitated, it becomes difficult to see. But if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear." ― Bil Keane

"There are more things to alarm us than to harm us, and we suffer more often in apprehension than reality." ― Seneca

"A little consideration, a little thought for others, makes all the difference." ― A.A. Milne

“Victory introduces you to the world, but defeat introduces the world to you.” ― Unknown

“The nation that will insist on drawing a broad line of demarcation between the fighting man and the thinking man is liable to find its fighting done by fools and its thinking done by cowards.” ― Thucydides

"A man with a watch knows what time it is. A man with two watches is never sure." ― Segal's Law

“I write to discover what I think.” ― Daniel J. Boorstin

“We judge others by their behavior. We judge ourselves by our intentions” ― Ian Percy

"We don't have to be smarter than the rest, we have to be more disciplined than the rest" ― Warren Buffet

"It pays to plan ahead. It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark." ― Howard Ruff

“Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness.” ― Katherine Henson

"It is difficult to free fools from the chains they revere" ― Voltaire

A wise man rules his passions, a fool obeys them. ― Publius Syrus

“Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.” ― Calvin Coolidge

"A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often." ― Oliver Herford

“Gold is a relic of Julius Caesar and interest is an invention of Satan.” ― Thomas Edison

"The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain." ― — Khalil Gibran

Always the innocent are the first victims, so it has been for ages past, so it is now. ― J.K. Rowling

To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence. ― Mark Twain

Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non— being is the greatest joy. ― Lao Tzu

It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it. ― Lillian Hellman

Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. ― Confucius

The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. ― Albert Einstein

“Evil isn’t the real threat to the world. Stupid is just as destructive as Evil, maybe more so, and it’s a hell of a lot more common. What we really need is a crusade against Stupid. That might actually make a difference.” ― Jim Butcher, Vignette

It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. ― Mark Twain

Those who cannot understand how to put their thoughts on ice should not enter into the heat of debate. ― Friedrich Nietzsche

A woman's beauty isn't seen, it is discovered. ― Arabic proverb

To play a wrong note is insignificant; To play without passion is inexcusable. ― Beethoven

Even monkeys fall from trees (Nobody's perfect)

Beginning is easy — Continuing is hard.

If you believe everything you read, better not read.

In a quarrel, the higher voiced person will win.

When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
If a dog looks around, he will find a bone.
Make happy those who are near and those who are far will come.
Good medicine tastes bitter in the mouth. (We don't like for advice)

Fall down seven times, get up eight. ― Japanese Proverb

If you don't enjoy what you are doing, you won't be good at it.

“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” — John Wooden

“In youth, it was a way I had,
To do my best to please.
And change, with every passing lad
To suit his theories.
But now I know the things I know
And do the things I do,
And if you do not like me so,
To hell, my love, with you.” ― Dorothy Parker

A suffering person does not need a lecture — he needs a listener.

"The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings." ― Dave Weinbaum

"People work together when it suits them.
They’re loyal when it suits them.
Love each other when it suits them.
And they kill each other when it suits them." ― Game of Thrones

“In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadow for those who don't.” ― Blaise Pascal

“You always admire what you really don't understand.” ― Blaise Pascal

"A man who wants nothing is invincible."

“The price of being a sheep is boredom. The price of being a wolf is loneliness. Choose one or the other with great care.” ― Hugh MacLeod

"All of us are experts at practising virtue at a distance." ― Theodore Hesburgh

"There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist." ― Mark Twain

"Decision is the spark that ignites action. Until a decision is made, nothing happens." ― Wilfred A Peterson

"Numbing the pain will only make it worse once it's back. While you can't feel it physically, it will wander into your soul and scar you forever." ― Gregory House

"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." ― William Shakespeare

“The limits of my language are the limits of my mind. All I know is what I have words for.” ― Ludwig Wittgenstein, Philosophical Investigations, 1953

"Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness." ― George Bernard Shaw

"Once you label me you negate me." ― Søren Kierkegaard

"If light is in your heart, you will find your way Home". ― Rumi

"If the heart is fed by love, the greed for pleasure would disappear." ― Ibn Qayyim Al— Jawziyyah

Nothing haunts us like the things we don't say. ― Mitch Albom

mandir dhaa do , masjeed dhaa do... par dil kisi ka dhayyo na... kyuki dil wich khuda basda hai .. — Baba Bulleh Shah

"Love can only be given... Never demanded." ― Hrithik Roshan

The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. ― Ralph Marston

"Faith is a passionate intuition." ― William Wordsworth

"Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies." ― Mother Teresa

"Faith is reason grown courageous." ― Sherwood Eddy

"As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control, that things will flow as they will, and that you will flow with them, to your great delight and benefit." ― Emmanuel Teney

“Failure is the fog from which we all glimpse triumph.” ― Aldrich Killian (Iron Man III)

"The mouth of a wise man is in his heart.” ― Benjamin Franklin

“Never ruin an apology with an excuse.” ― Benjamin Franklin

“Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.” ― Benjamin Franklin

“A Man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still.” ― Benjamin Franklin

“Reason itself is fallible, and this fallibility must find a place in our logic.” ― Nicola Abbagnano

If you were to sum up the last 50 years of behavioral psychology in two words, it would be “logic fails” ― Tim Ferriss

To the victor belong the spoils.

“The best way to know life is to love many things” ― Vincent van Gogh

“I would rather die of passion than of boredom.” ― Vincent van Gogh

“There is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.” ― Vincent van Gogh

"Normality is a paved road: It’s comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it." ― Vincent Van Gogh

Man has free will in the things he has knowledge about, but is pushed forward by other forces in the things he has no knowledge about. In other words, his freedom increases whenever his knowledge increases. ― Muhammad al— Ghazali

If you think deeply about the conditions of people, you will find those who are most concerned with the faults of others to have the most faults themselves. ― Al— Jahiz

Everyone experiences bouts of jealousy; but the dignified person conceals it, while the vulgar one acts upon it. ― Ibn Taymiyyah

A good tree must always remain grounded.

A tiger doesn’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.” ― Shahir Zag

"Belief and disbelief have divided mankind into so many sects, blinding it's eyes to the vision of oneness of all life." ― Inayat Khan, sufi saint.

" The biggest coward of a man is to awaken the love of a woman without the intention of loving her." ― Bob Marley

"Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less." ― C.S. Lewis

“Where you end up doesn’t depend on where you 'start.' It depends on which 'direction' you choose to take from where you currently stand.” ― Kevin Ngo

"Be inspired with the belief that life is a great and noble calling; not a mean thing that we are to shuffle through as we can, but an elevated and lofty destiny." ― Ewart Gladstone

Traveller, there is no path; paths are made by walking. ― (An Australian Aboriginal Saying).

People will love you, people will hate you, and none of it will have anything to do with you. ― Abraham Hicks

I’d rather be around a passionate nerd than a non-passionate cool person. Because if you lack passion, your soul is diminishing by the second. You have to be passionate about something. Call it obsessed or whatever you want, but be obsessed about something. Obsessed people care. I’m passionate about so many things, it becomes an issue at certain points, but at least you have the ability to feel that much about something. ― Matt Cohen

“Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people." ― Andre Dubus

"When one seeks an object of desire, one suffers.
When one gets an object of desire, One fears losing it.
When one loses an object of desire, One is greatly troubled.
At each and every point, There is no joy." ― Mahaprajnaparamita Shastra

“Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.” ― Albert Einstein

“I can live for two months on a good compliment.” ― Mark Twain

"Every day that passes without you having sinned is a day of EID" ― Ali RA

"With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. " ― Thomas Foxwell Buxton

“You can tell how smart people are by what they laugh at.” ― Tina Fey

"Hope is stronger than fear. A little hope effective. A lot of it is dangerous." ― The Hunger Games

"The best way out is always through." ― Robert Frost

The very act of observation changes that which is observed. ― Physics

"Just enjoy it while it lasts, which isn't forever. You think you have forever but you don't. Soon you start getting on each other's nerves; then you don't tell the person as much as you used to, because really, what's the point? You thought they understood you. But they never did, not really. Finally, not do you not tell the other person anything real, you actively start lying to him." ― Six Feet Under

"You don't kame major life decisions when you're reeling from a loss." ― Suits

“Whatever satisfies the soul is truth.” ― Walt Whitman

“Resist much, obey little.” ― Walt Whitman

“Keep your face always toward the sunshine — and shadows will fall behind you.” ― Walt Whitman

“Be curious, not judgmental.” ― Walt Whitman

Vita brevis,
ars longa,
occasio praeceps,
experimentum periculosum,
iudicium difficile.
“Life is short, art (of medicine) long, opportunity fleeting, experience treacherous, judgment difficult.” ― Hippocrates

“The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.” ― Michelangelo Buonarroti

After the game, the king and the pawn go into the same box. ― Italian Proverb

“Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.” ― Bruce Lee

“We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining— they just shine.” ― Dwight L. Moody

This is what addicts do. The second they start making progress, they screw up. Because deep down they think it's only a matter of time until they fail. They'd rather fall from the third floor than the penthose. ― (Suits)

It wouldn't hurt so much if you had thicker skin. ― (Suits)

"The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time." ― Friedrich Nietzsche

I'm just comfortable with what I'm comfortable with.

“Never to suffer would be never to have been blessed.” ― Edgar Allan Poe

“Believe only half of what you see and nothing that you hear.” ― Edgar Allan Poe

“There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion.” ― Edgar Allan Poe

“I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.” ― Edgar Allan Poe

“Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.” ― Edgar Allan Poe

“You can love someone so much...But you can never love people as much as you can miss them.” ― John Green

“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.” ― Aristotle

“I mean, they say you die twice. One time when you stop breathing and a second time, a bit later on, when somebody says your name for the last time.” ― Banksy

“The only thing constant in life is change” ― François de La Rochefoucauld

“Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are the dead.” ― Aldous Huxley

“Consistency is the hallmark of the unimaginative.” ― Oscar Wilde

Teach your children to be happy. Don't buy them things to make them happy.

“Your wives are your partners, not your servants.” ― Prophet Muḥammad (pbuh)

"Peace is costly but it is worth the expense." ― Kenyan proverb

“Reason speaks in words alone, but love has a song.” ― Joseph de Maistre

“There comes a time when silence is betrayal.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.

"Every country has the government it deserves" ― Joseph de Maistre

“When good people consider you the bad guy, you develop a heart to help the bad ones. You actually understand them.” ― Criss Jami

“He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words.” ― Elbert Hubbard

“The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don't tell you what to see.” ― Alexandra K.Trenfor

jab sharafat ke kapde utarte hai
tab sabse jyaada mazaa sharifon ko hi aata hai ― The Dirty Picture

“Don’t show pleasure in somebody’s downfall, for you have no knowledge of what the future holds in store for you.” ― Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib (AS)

“One who taught me a single word, made me his slave.” ― Hazrat Ali R.A

"When you're 20, you care what everyone thinks, when you're 40, you stop caring what everyone thinks, when you're 60, you realize that no one was ever thinking about you jn the first place. ― Unknown

"esse est percipi" – "To be is to be perceived" ― George Berkeley

I won't do it. But it just feels good to think about it.

"Men fear most what they cannot see." ― Ra's al Ghul

“Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.” ― Rumi

"The loneliest people are the kindest. The saddest people smile the brightest. The most damaged people are the wisest. All because they never wish to see anyone else suffer the way they did. " ― Anonymous

"Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working." ― Pablo Picasso

"Don't worry about people stealing your design work, worry about the day they stop." ― Jeffrey Zeldman

"Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia." ― Charles M. Schulz

"It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it." ― John Stewbeck

“Don’t only practice your art,
But force your way into its secrets,
For it and knowledge
Can raise men to the divine.” ― Ludwig van Beethoven

Na samjhoge to mit jaoge hindustan walon // Tumhari daastan tak bhi na hogi daastano mein... #Iqbal

"Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking." ― Khalil Gibran

"The best hobbies are the ones that take us furthest from our primary occupation" ― Dr. Vogel (Dexter)

“A proud man is always looking down on things and people; and, of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see something that is above you.” ― C.S. Lewis

“Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching.” ― C.S. Lewis

“Things never happen the same way twice.” ― C.S. Lewis

“We meet no ordinary people in our lives.” ― C.S. Lewis

“No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.” ― C.S. Lewis

“Love is not affectionate feeling, but a steady wish for the loved person's ultimate good as far as it can be obtained.” ― C.S. Lewis

“I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.” ― C.S. Lewis

"To love is to be vulnerable.” ― C.S. Lewis

“If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.” ― C.S. Lewis

"Work isn't to make money; you work to justify life." ― Marc Chagall

"Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point." ― C. S. Lewis

"If you stay silent and I stay silent, then who will teach the ignorant." ― Ibn Taymiyyah

"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." ― Helen Keller

“Remember, diamonds are only lumps of coal that stuck to their jobs.” ― B. C. Forbes

"Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt." ― African saying

“Sometimes you will never know the value of something until it becomes a memory.” ― Dr. Seuss

“The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks, and starting on the first one.” ― Mark Twain

"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise." ― Ritu Ghatourey
“Love's not love
When it is mingled with regards” ― William Shakespeare, King Lear

“There's a fine line between genius and insanity.” ― Oscar Levant

"Once you've accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you." ― Tyrion (Game of Thrones)

"He who treads softly, goes far." ― Chinese Proverb

“Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together” ― Vincent van Gogh

If I Can Stop One Heart From Breaking
If I can stop one heart from breaking,
I shall not live in vain;
If I can ease one life the aching,
Or cool one pain,
Or help one fainting robin
Unto his nest again,
I shall not live in vain. ― Emily Dickinson

"One must learn to be rich. To be poor, anyone can manage." ― Gus (Breaking Bad)

"And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man." ― Gus (Breaking Bad)

“You can't solve a problem with the same mind that created it.” ― Albert Einstein

"Religion is for people who're afraid of going to hell. Spirituality is for those who've already been there.” ― Vine Deloria Jr.

"Your thoughts are limited by your vocabulary."

"These are hard times for dreamers." ― Amelie (2001)

"Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who say they've found it." ― Andre Gide

“Never assume the obvious is true.” ― William Safire

“I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings." ― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

“What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...” ― Antoine de Saint— Exupéry

"But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.” ― Antoine de Saint— Exupéry, The Little Prince

And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.” ― Antoine de Saint— Exupéry

“Most people get ahead during the time that others waste” ― Henry Ford

“Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain” ― Henry Ford

“The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick— to— itiveness; third, common sense.” ― Thomas A. Edison

“Things do not change; we change.” ― Henry David Thoreau

"History does not repeat itself, but it does rhyme." ― Mark Twain

There's a vast difference between apologizing for what you've done and apologizing for who you are. ― Yasmin Mogahed

“Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.” ― Henry David Thoreau

"A relationship works best when both the partners sincerely believe that they've got better than they deserve."

"In a society of hyper— consumerism, there will inevitably be two kinds of slaves: the prisoners of luxuries/addiction and the prisoners of jealousy."

"If you're still looking for that one person who can change your life, take a look in the mirror."

“Confidence is a trick that everyone is playing on everyone else.” ― John Bird

"Taking pains to remove the pains of others is the true essence of generosity." ― Abu Bakr (RA)

"If you know yourself, then you'll not be harmed by what is said about you." ― Sufyaan ath— Thawree

"I don't want to be famous. I want to be normal and I enjoy being normal." ― Emma Watson

“You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.” ― Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court

"Success is the time to redefine your goals; Failure is the time to redefine your methods." ― (Unknown)

“Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.” ― Marilyn Monroe

“Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways.” ― Sigmund Freud

"The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother." ― Henry Ward Beecher

Everyone carries a piece of the puzzle. Nobody comes into your life by mere coincidence. Trust your instincts. Do the unexpected. Find the others…” ― Timothy Leary

“Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.” ― Benjamin Franklin

“I put my heart and soul into my work, and I have lost my mind in the process.” ― Vincent van Gogh

“What a strange illusion it is to suppose that beauty is goodness.” ― Leo Tolstoy

“The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off.” ― Gloria Steinem

To say "I don't know" is the beginning of all knowledge — to say "I know" is the end of all knowledge ― J Krishnamurti

Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. ― Warren Buffet

Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. ― Christopher Robin to Pooh

“He who has not looked on Sorrow, will never see Joy" ― Khalil Gibran

"Every action has it's pleasures and price." ― Socrates

"A poor person isn't he who has little, but he who needs a lot." ― German Proverb

"In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different." ― Coco Chanel

“The unfed mind devours itself.” ― Gore Vidal

“Advice is sought to confirm a position already taken.” ― Sir William Osler

“Never make fun of someone who speaks broken English. It means they know another language.” ― H. Jackson Brown, Jr.

“Art is to console those who are broken by life.” ― Vincent Van Gogh

“Life rolls better, when you’ve got wheels”. ― (Catch—phrase)

"The truth is that which makes you live in a rented apartment and drive a second— hand car all your life." ― The Bad Doctor

"Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young." ― Henry Ford

“He who thinks little errs much…” ― Leonardo da Vinci

“The artist sees what others only catch a glimpse of.” ― Leonardo da Vinci

“Learning never exhausts the mind.” ― Leonardo da Vinci

“Art is never finished, only abandoned.” ― Leonardo da Vinci

“Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.” ― Leonardo da Vinci

“Nothing can be loved or hated unless it is first understood.” ― Leonardo da Vinci

"Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence." ― Osho

"The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason." ― Charles Darwin

“Happiness is attained by three things: being patient when tested, being thankful when receiving a blessing, and being repentant upon sinning.” ― Ibn al— Qayyim

"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." ― Lao Tzu

"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." ― Henry David Thoreau

"Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity." ― G. K. Chesterton.

"Don't be sad because it's over, be happy because it happened" ― Dr. Seuss

"Adults are obsolete children." ― Dr. Seuss

"We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give." ― Winston Churchill

"The most precious things in speech are the pauses." ― Sir Ralph Richardson

"I've never had anybody tell me that they regret seeing the world" ― Matt Harding

"It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything". ― Fight Club

“Tell people about your religion without the use of your tongue” ― Imam Jaffar Alsadiq (AS)

"Desires make slaves out of kings, and patience makes kings out of slaves." ― Imam Al Ghazali

"Criticism may not be agreeable, but it is necessary. It fulfils the same function as pain in the human body. It calls attention to an unhealthy state of things." ― Winston Churchill

"Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction." ― Antoine de Saint Exupery

“I opened my mouth, almost said something. Almost. The rest of my life might have turned out differently if I had. But I didn’t.” ― Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner

In matters of conscience, the law of majority has no place. ― Mahatma Gandhi

"Run from what's comfortable.
Forget safety.
Live where you fear to live.
Destroy your reputation.
Be notorious.
I have tried prudent planning long enough.
From now on I'll be mad" ― Rumi

"LOVE, the life-giving garden of this world." ― Rumi

“A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.” ― Mark Twain

"The lust for comfort murders the passions of the soul." ― Kahlil Gibran

"The first step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching others." ― Solomon Ibn Gabriol

"Give a man a mask and he will show his true face." ― Oscar Wilde

“The highest form of human intelligence is to observe yourself without judgement.” ― Jiddu Krishnamurti

“Life doesn't have to be perfect to be wonderful.” ― Annette Funicello

"One may not reach the dawn save by the path of the night." ― Kahlil Gibran

"Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish." ― Euripides

“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” ― Albert Einstein

“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication” ― Leonardo da Vinci

"The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention." ― Kahlil Gibran

"The best way to get approval is not to need it." ― Hugh Macleod

“The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write a book about it. ” ― Benjamin Disraeli

“How dumb would we look in front of Allah for judging people of the sins He has already forgiven them for.”

“And still, after all this time, the Sun has never said to the Earth,
"You owe me."
Look what happens with love like that.
It lights up the sky.” ― Rumi

"Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable." ― Cristiano Ronaldo

“All colors will agree in the dark.” ― Francis Bacon

“Your strength is just an accident owed to the weakness of others.” ― Joseph Conrad

"A man who doesn't spend time with his family can't be a real man." ― Vito Corleone

“The sign of a beautiful person is that he always sees beauty in others.” ― Omar Suleiman

“Be harsh on yourself, and easy on others.” ― Imam ash Shāfiʿī

"I fear to judge without knowledge or speak without wisdom.” ― Abu Huraira

“I have never regretted my silence. As for my speech, I have regretted it over and over again.” ― Umar bin al Khattāb

“For the love of a rose, the gardener becomes the slave of a thousand thorns.” ― Turkish Proverb

"She loved him without knowing it, for fear of love is love itself.” ― Mustafa Lutfi Manafluti

“Love is the absence of judgment.” ― Dalai Lama

"The test of intelligence [is] not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do. Similarly, any situation, any activity, that puts before us real problems, that we have to solve for ourselves, problems for which there are no answers in any book, sharpens our intelligence." ― John Holt (1923— 1985)

"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” ― Pablo Picasso

“When you wake up in the morning, Pooh,” said Piglet at last, “what's the first thing you say to yourself?” “What's for breakfast?” said Pooh. “What do you say, Piglet?” “I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?” said Piglet. Pooh nodded thoughtfully. “It's the same thing,” he said.” ― A.A. Milne, Winnie— the— Pooh

“If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together... there is something you must always remember. you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. But the most important thing is, even if we're apart... I'll always be with you.”

“Well," said Pooh, "what I like best," and then he had to stop and think. Because although Eating Honey was a very good thing to do, there was a moment just before you began to eat it which was better than when you were, but he didn't know what it was called.” ― A.A. Milne, Winnie— the— Pooh

“Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” ― A.A. Milne, Winnie— the— Pooh

"You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.” ― A.A. Milne, Winnie— the— Pooh

"Some people care too much. I think it's called love.” ― A.A. Milne, Winnie the Pooh

Love is like a butterfly ... chase it and it will fly away.

Communication and trust are two main ingredients for a successfull relationship

"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding" — Leonardo Da Vinci

“I don't hate people. I just feel better when they aren't around.” ― Charles Bukowski

Do you love me enough that I may be weak with you? Everyone loves strength, but do you love me for my weakness? ― Alain de Botton

“We touch other peoples lives simply by existing.” — J.K.Rowling

“To be noticed without striving to be noticed, this is what elegance is about.” ― Luciano Barbera

“I fear the day when the disbelievers are proud of their falsehood, and the Muslims are shy of their faith.” ― Umar ibn al Khattab (RA)

You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens. ― Rumi

A good student could learn more from a bad teacher than a poor student from even a skilled teacher. — Wings of Fire

“What really counts are good endings, not flawed beginnings.” ― Ibn Taymiyyah

"I never trust anyone who's more excited about success than about doing the thing they want to be successful at." ― Randall Munroe

"When hungry, eat your rice; when tired, close your eyes. Fools may laugh at me, but wise men will know what I mean." ― Lin-Chi

A man came to Abu Hanifah and asked, “If I take off my clothes and bathe in the river, should I face the qiblah or another direction?” Abu Hanifah replied, “It is best to face the direction of your clothes just in case they get stolen.”

"Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. ― Steve Jobs

It's funny. Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody. ― Holden Caulfield

The business of living is the celebration of being alive. ― Dr. Christiaan Barnard

Physics is like sex. Sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it. ― Richard Feynman

“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” ― Marilyn Monroe.

Be great in act as you've been in thought. — William Shakespeare.

Nothing in this life quite compares to the sweet exhilaration of making your move. When you just put it all on the line and go for it. ― Ted Mosby

“It’s a most distressing affliction to have a sentimental heart and a skeptical mind.” ― Naguib Mahfouz, Sugar Street

“Happiness is attained by three things: being patient when tested, being thankful when receiving a blessing, and being repentant upon sinning.” ― Ibn al Qayyim

“Human behavior flows from three main sources: Desire, Emotion, and Knowledge” — Plato

"A beautiful thing is never perfect."

"All things fall and are built again, and those that build them again are gay." ― Y. B. Yeats

“Man is sometimes extraordinarily, passionately, in love with suffering...” — Fyodor Dostoyevsky

"Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find it out." — Frank A. Clark

"Medicine is a science of uncertainty & an art of probability. Absolute diagnoses are unsafe and made at the expense of conscience." ― Sir William Osler

“There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.” ― Bertrand Russell

"Beauty is a form of Genius - is higher, indeed, than Genius, as it needs no explanation. It is of the great facts of the world, like sunlight, or springtime, or the reflection in dark waters of that silver shell we call the moon. It cannot be questioned.” ― Oscar Wilde (Hedonism)

“There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.” ― Oscar Wilde

“Being natural is simply a pose, and the most irritating pose I know.” ― Oscar Wilde

“The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it." ― Oscar Wilde (Hedonism)

"A pity beyond all telling is hid at the heart of every love." ― W. B. Yeats

"There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self." ― Ernest Hemingway

Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power. ― Abraham Lincoln

It's not okay to hate anybody. ― Atticus Finch

Perfect is not good enough. ― Bugatti Veyron (Mission Statement)

“Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.” ― Winston Churchill

"If you can make a girl laugh, you can make her do anything." ― Marilyn Monroe

"Is not who you are underneath, but what you do, that's defines you" ― Rachel Dawes/Batman Begins

"Be nice to nerds. Chances are, you'll end up working for one." ― Bill Gates

"What is essential is often invisible to the eye." ― Antoine de Saint Exupery

"If you can't remove an obstacle, plough around it." ― Abraham Lincoln

"Attitude is a decision." ― (Proverb)

“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.” ― Albert Einstein

"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." ― Henry David Thoreau

"What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil." — Friedrich Nietzsche

"A child gives birth to a mother." ― (?)

"They can't order me to stop dreaming." ― Cinderella

"Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep movin' forward. How much you can take and keep movin' forward!" ― Rocky Balboa

“If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I'll bet they'd live a lot differently. ” ― Bill Watterson (Calvin and Hobbes)

"You don't take a photograph, you make it." — Ansel Adams

"Man's chief merit consists in resisting the impulses of his nature." ― Samuel Johnson

"God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best." ― Voltaire

"It's a beautiful day to save lives, people. Let's have some fun." ― Dr. Derek Shepherd, Grey's Anatomy

We rely on superstitions because we're smart enough to know we don't have all the answers. And that life works in mysterious ways. ― Grey's Anatomy

There's zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas.” (Susan Cain)

"Who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed?" ― Hunter S. Thompson

"The heart has reasons that reason cannot know." ― Blaise Pascal

"Love without reason lasts the longest." ― Anonymous

"Love never claims, it ever gives." ― M. K. Gandhi

“Whenever I feel blue, I start breathing again.” ― L. Frank Baum

"Looking back over a lifetime, you see love was the answer to everything." ― Ray Bradbury.

"You never really know a man until you stand in his shoes and walk around in them." ― Atticus Finch (To Kill a Mockingbird)

“Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.” ― Oscar Wilde

“Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain.” ― Robert Garey Lee

"Out beyond
the ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing,
there is a field.
I'll meet you there.
When the soul lies down in that grass,
the world is too full to talk about.
Ideas, language, even the phrase 'each other'
doesn't make any sense." ― Rumi

“Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.” ― Anonymous

"Don’t look at it and you won’t spill it.” ― Harper Lee

"Tension is who you think you should be. Relaxation is what you are." ― Chinese Proverb

"Fear is like cotton candy, it melts away on contact." ― Mike Tyson

"No man is free who is not master of himself." ― Epictetus

"Things are never as bad as they seem." ― Harper Lee

"But things are always better in the morning ." ― Harper Lee

People in their right minds never take pride in their talents ― Harper Lee

“There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.” ― Sarah Dessen

“People are often unreasonable and self— centered.
Forgive them anyway.
If you are kind, people may accuse you of ulterior motives.
Be kind anyway.
If you are honest, people may cheat you.
Be honest anyway.
If you find happiness, people may be jealous.
Be happy anyway.
The good you do today may be forgotten tomorrow.
Do good anyway.
Give the world the best you have and it may never be enough.
Give your best anyway.
For you see, in the end, it is between you and God.
It was never between you and them anyway.” ― Mother Teresa

“I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.” ― Douglas Adams

“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.” ― Friedrich Nietzsche

“Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach.” ― Aristotle

“(There is only one way) to avoid criticism say nothing, do nothing, be nothing.” ― Aristotle

"Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.'' ― Ralph Waldo Emerson

What is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?
No time to stand beneath the boughs, And stare as long as sheep and cows:
No time to see, when woods we pass, Where squirrels hide their nuts in grass:
No time to see, in broad daylight, Streams full of stars, like skies at night:
No time to turn at Beauty's glance, And watch her feet, how they can dance:
No time to wait till her mouth can Enrich that smile her eyes began?
A poor life this if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare. ― Leisure by W. H. Davies

"Knowledge comes from learning, Wisdom comes from living." ― Anthony Douglas Williams

"Taking time to do nothing often brings everything into perspective." ― Doe Zantamata

“We cannot live better than in seeking to become better.” ― Socrates

“He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.” ― Socrates

“Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.” ― Socrates

“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” ― Socrates

“Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.” ― Rudyard Kipling

“All sins are attempts to fill voids.” ― Simone Weil

“On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.” ― George Orwell

“Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire.” ― Dan Brown

“A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.” ― Jane Austen

“Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.” ― Mark Twain

“I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.” ― Mark Twain

“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.” ― Mark Twain

“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson

“I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.” ― Marilyn Monroe

“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.” ― William W. Purkey

“Do not compare yourself to others. If you do so, you are insulting yourself.” ― Adolf Hitler

"The art of reading consists in remembering the essentials and forgetting non essentials.” ― Adolf Hitler,

“I do not see why man should not be as cruel as nature” ― Adolf Hitler

“Think Thousand times before taking a decision But - After taking decison never turn back even if you face a thousand difficulties!!” ― Adolf Hitler

"If you want to shine like sun first you have to burn like it.” ― Adolf Hitler

“All of men's miseries stem from his inability to sit quietly in a room alone.” ― Blaise Pascal

“Happiness is a habit – cultivate it.” ― Elbert Hubbard

The brave may not live forever, but the cautious do not live at all. ― Meg Cabot

Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ― Abraham Lincoln

"A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion." ― Chinese Proverb

“The real world is much smaller than the imaginary.” ― Friedrich Nietzsche

"You make the world a better place by making yourself a better person." ― Scott Sorell

"He who hesitates is lost". ― English Proverb

The hardest thing in this world is to live in it. ― Buffy Summers

"Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. " ― Sun Tzu / The Godfather Part II

“The wound is the place where the Light enters you.” ― Rumi

”The trouble is that you think you have time.” ― Jack Kornfield.

"The best time to plant a tree is twenty years ago. The second best time is now." ― Chinese proverb

"Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl." ― Stephen Leacock

"During the times of universal deceit, telling the truth becomes revolutionary act." ― Geprge Orwell

"Have you noticed that all the people in favor of birth control are already born?" ― Benny Hill

"I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want." ― Muhammad Ali

“The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.” — William James

“Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure” — Rowena Ravenclaw, DH.

"Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent." ― R. D. Laing

The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships. ― Anthony Robbins

"That which is impenetrable to us really exists. Behind the secrets of nature remains something subtle, intangible, and inexplicable. Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion.” ― Albert Einstein

"There is no key to happiness, the door is always open." ― Mother Teresa

"Good manners are made up of petty sacrifices." ― Ralph Waldo Emerson

"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." ― M. K. Gandhi

‘Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.’ ― Arthur C. Clarke

"Living consciousness somehow is the influence that turns the possibility of something into something real. The most essential ingredient in creating our universe is the consciousness that observes it.” ― Lynne McTaggart (Noetic Science, The Lost Symbol)

"Not knowing what your friends are doing every second is liberating." ― (on social media)

“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.” ― Aristotle

“One of life's best coping mechanisms is to know the difference between an inconvenience and a problem. If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you've got a problem. Everything else is an inconvenience. Life is inconvenient. Life is lumpy. A lump in the oatmeal, a lump in the throat and a lump in the breast are not the same kind of lump. One needs to learn the difference.” ― Robert Fulghum

''افتح فمك فقط إن كان ما ستقوله أجمل من الصمت''
"Open your mouth only if what you are going to say is more beautiful than silence." ― Arabic proverb

"So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key." ― The Eagles

"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." ― Alan Kay

'Never seek the wind in the field - it is useless to try and find what is gone.’ ― Polish Proverb

"A wise man first thinks and then speaks and a fool speaks first and then thinks." ― Hazrat Ali (A.S)

"Never hate your enemies, it affects your judgment." ― The Godfather Part III

"The only wealth in this world is children; more than all the money, power on earth" ― The Godfather Part III

"I would burn in Hell to keep you safe." ― The Godfather Part III

"If you fail, it must not be from lack of preparation."

No need to say thanks, it doesn't make any difference to me. ― Taxi No. 9211

Quotes from Rang De Basanti:
There are two kinds of people
People who go screaming to their death
People who go siliently to their death
Then I met the third kind ..

Jiska khoon kabhi na khaule
Khoon nahi wo paani hai.
Jo desh ke kaam naa aaye,
Woh bekaar Jawani hai

“Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.” ― Edward Vernon Rickenbacker

"Better beware of notions like genius and inspiration; they are a sort of magic wand and should be used sparingly by anybody who wants to see things clearly. (José Ortega y Gasset, “Notes on the novel”)

"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious." ― Albert Einstein

"A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it." ― Max Planck

"It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices." — Dumbledore

"Fortes fortuna adiuvat" (Fortune favours the brave) ― Ancient Latin Proverb

"Words die when they are spoken" ― Nizar Kabani, Syrian Poet (meaning that things are best said without words)

“That's the frailty of genius, John. It needs an audience” ― Arthur Conan Doyle (Spoken by Sherlock Holmes in A Study in Scarlet)

"All that is gold does not glitter,
Not all those who wander are lost;
The old that is strong does not wither,
Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
From the ashes a fire shall be woken,
A light from the shadows shall spring;
Renewed shall be blade that was broken,
The crownless again shall be king.” ― J.R.R. Tolkien (The Lord of the Rings)

No greatness without goodness.

"Just know that you never lose… You either you win, or you learn." ― Unknown

"Patience with family is love, Patience with others is respect, Patience with self is confidence and Patience with God is faith" ― Unknown

"We carve out order by leaving the disorderly parts out." ― William James

"Hell is other people" ― Sartre

"Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing worth knowing can be taught." ― Oscar Wilde

"So little done, so much to do" ― Cecil Rhodes

“Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.” ― Theodore Isaac Rubin

What one fool can do, another can. ― Ancient Simian Proverb

“The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.” ― Socrates

"Great souls have wills, Feeble ones have only wishes". ― Chinese Proverb

"Cogito Ergo Sum (I think, therefore I am)". ― Descartes

"As long as I live,I shall only see victory and I shall annihilate those who oppose me" ― Adolf Hitler

"Your DEATH ain't a victory over your BIRTH, only if you fulfill the purpose of your creation".

Someday everything will make perfect sense
So for now laugh at the confusion
Smile through the tears
And keep reminding yourself
that everything Happens for a reason ― Anonymous

To do, is to be. — Neitzche

Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent. — Neitzche

Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted — John Lennon

Once Upon a Time
Once upon a time, son,
they used to laugh with their hearts
and laugh with their eyes:
but now they only laugh with their teeth,
while their ice— block— cold eyes
search behind my shadow.
There was a time indeed
they used to shake hands with their hearts:
but that’s gone, son.
Now they shake hands without hearts
while their left hands search
my empty pockets.
‘Feel at home!’ ‘Come again’:
they say, and when I come
again and feel
at home, once, twice,
there will be no thrice—
for then I find doors shut on me.
So I have learned many things, son.
I have learned to wear many faces
like dresses – homeface,
officeface, streetface, hostface,
cocktailface, with all their conforming smiles
like a fixed portrait smile.
And I have learned too
to laugh with only my teeth
and shake hands without my heart.
I have also learned to say,’Goodbye’,
when I mean ‘Good— riddance’:
to say ‘Glad to meet you’,
without being glad; and to say ‘It’s been
nice talking to you’, after being bored.
But believe me, son.
I want to be what I used to be
when I was like you. I want
to unlearn all these muting things.
Most of all, I want to relearn
how to laugh, for my laugh in the mirror
shows only my teeth like a snake’s bare fangs!
So show me, son,
how to laugh; show me how
I used to laugh and smile
once upon a time when I was like you.
 ― Gabriel Okara

“It’s really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don’t know what they want until you show it to them.” – Steve Jobs, Businessweek, 1998

"I mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives, but I will not rejoice in the death of one... Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars... Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." ― Martin Luther King Jr.

Never put off till tommorrow what you can do the day after tommorrow. — Mark Twain

I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. ― Albert Einstein

Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. ― Albert Einstein

It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. ― Albert Einstein

Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. ― Stephen Hawking

Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it. ― Albert Einstein

Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them. ― Albert Einstein

Small is the number of people who see with their eyes and think with their minds. ― Albert Einstein

Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it. ― Albert Einstein

“I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.” ― Galileo Galilei

Buddhist principle: Smile as abuse is hurled your way and this too shall pass.

Those who succeed in this world have the highest degree of perserverance ― Napolean Bonaparte

“Whatever you do may seem insignificant, but it is most important that you do it” ― Mahatma Gandhi

“The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems” ― Mahatma Gandhi
